1.
Sir,
It is my humblest request that be granted this Financial Aid. It is very difficult for me and my family for this course along with the tuition fees. I have been using Coursera avidly for the past 2 years. This course will help strengthen my chance to get a job. Unfortunately, It's important that I get a certification in this course to prove authenticity.

I really need this help so that I can one day be independent and maybe contribute to Coursera. I vow to complete the course and I vow to not let this opportunity go waste. If given the opportunity, I can be one of the most successful alumni of this program.

I also vow to have discipline and finish all the courses and tests in time and I would not put my solutions on my website so that other people can copy from it and pass. I also will actively participate in discussion forum and help and solve and put questions to help the community of Coursera.

I am forever in debt to you . Thank you !

2.
I have already completed courses on Algorithm and Machine Learning by Stanford. This will give me an upper edge when I apply for Machine Learning Jobs. I have solid grasp on Machine Learning and coding and I can pioneer the industry one day if I am given this opportunity. Please accept my application for financial aid to aid my specialisation in Deep Learning.

I have also developed a lot of Machine Learning. I have already made 2 projects on Machine Learning and It has been fun to do. I have done 1 internship in data analytics which helped me how to handle big data and the maths behind it. If given the opportunity, I can be one of the most successful alumni of this program and bring more Deep Learning enthusiasts.

With the Coursera certificate and Linked In Certificate, My career and my Resume will get a big boost. Also, I plan to meet Andrew Ng one day and work with him or maybe with the same calibre. This will really help in boosting my ambition to be Machine Learning Engineer.

3.
I cannot pay for this Course. I can only do this specialisation and all the courses if I am provided with the financial aid. I was able to do other Coursera projects because I was on financial aid and this would be a great addition to my Resume and knowledge database.
